Is the destiny of mankind controlled
by some transcendental entity or Law?
Is it like the hand of
God hovering above?
At least it is true...
...that man has no
control, even over his own will.
I want to ask you to kill a man for me.
Kill a man?
Who?
The man who is in next
line to the throne of Midland...
...Count Yurius.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Feel no shame about shape.
Weather changes the phrase.
Even mother will
show you another way.
So, put your glasses on.
Nothing will be wrong.
There's no blame, there's no fame.
It's up to you.
The first words should be found.
Whatever holds you back.
I...
... can...
I can get it off.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you want.
I don't know why...
I don't know why you are afraid.
Tell me what...
Tell me what you'd say.
I don't know why...
Too late...
It's too late.
Noble Man
Yurius...
I'm in luck.
Who is that kid?
Stand up, Adonis!
How shameful you are!
Were you really born of royal blood?
Now stand up!
Do not rest!
Your enemy never
lets you rest in battle!
Your Highness,
kindly call it a day for now...
Do not disturb us, Hassan!
Adonis will someday become...
...commander of the White Dragon
Knights, the strongest troop in the kingdom!
And that is not all!
It is even possible that he will
marry Lady Charlotte and rule all Midland!
Since he was born royal...
...he must carry such great
responsibilities on his shoulders!
As a son of royalty,
such a burden is his destiny!
Fight on!
Challenge me and
beat me back at least once!
So much for today.
Keep yourself warm, and be
ready for tomorrow's training.
Master Adonis...
...you're quite injured,
I will treat your wounds.
Your father is desperate.
All alone, he has tried to raise
you to maturity as a man and knight.
You should not think ill of your father.
Sir Griffith, we have heard your story...
That you protected the
Princess' life with your own body...
How courageous you are!
It is kind of you, but I am
no greater than a coward.
Sir Griffith.
Oh, it's Lord Raban and Lord Owen.
That was a terrible affair
that occurred during the Hunt.
Indeed, we nearly lost an
important property of Midland's army.
My life is nothing.
It is only important that
Princess Charlotte is safe from harm.
Oh, she has
become even more charming.
She must be in love with someone.
Your Highness,
please excuse my tongue.
However, your rough lessons have
recently taken another turn in that direction.
I understand what
you're going through...
...but you should be a little
softer on the Young Master.
I know.
Lately, I have had little success
with my duties in the royal court.
Owing to such affairs,
I have become quite irritated.
I earnestly beg you not
to overextend yourself.
Is it the wind?
What?
A burglar?
I-I know you...
You are...
...Griffith's...
Excuse me...
B-Burglar?
He saw...
H-Hey...
What was that noise?
What is happening, Your Highness?
M-Master Adonis!
Who are you?
Let's go!
Burglar!
Don't let him get away!
What happened?
What's all this noise?
A burglar trespassed
upon His Highness' room!
I-It can't be!
Oh, no...
How merciless this is...
After all that, this child didn't see his
father's affectionate smile once in his life.
Mr. Hassan...
Find the burglar!
You must not let him
get out of the courtyard alive!
Yes, sir!
A sewer...
Find him!
He fell through here!
That sound...
I hear the sound of...
...swords in battle...
Gambino!
That's right...
I always desperately
wanted you to appreciate me.
Stop it!
I bet Griffith is enjoying a
succulent meal right about now.
There are a lot of perks that he can
enjoy at the Princess' evening party.
He has nothing to worry
about but the formalities!
By the way, where is Guts?
I haven't seen him since this morning.
I bet he is busy, practicing
with his sword as always!
He is just slacking off!
Our two companies were
supposed to do joint drills today!
Without giving me any
notice, he never showed!
No need to get so furious...
Damn, she's scary!
Guts!
Guts, where have you been
running around all day long?
Thanks to you, we've gotten in trouble!
Do you really care
about the unity of our band?
Wait, is this an arrow wound?
Griffith...
...where is he?
Griffith attends the Lady
Charlotte's soiree in Promrose palace.
I see...
Hey!
I still have words for you...
What's wrong with Guts?
Griffith...
I am a little tired...
Please have a seat here.
Thank you.
Wait!
Are you going there
in that shabby outfit?
Don't bring shame on Griffith.
You better wait until they
finish talking if you want to see him!
I'm borrowing this.
H-Hey...
Truth be told, I do not like holding a
soiree, it is only a clamorous imposition.
This soiree is being held to comfort
those who have restlessly fought in battles.
But...
I think they should rather...
...stop the war itself
than hold a soiree like this one.
Why do most men commit
themselves to the affair of bloodshed?
You asked me such on
the hunting field, My Lady.
Oh, yes...
Indeed, a man may have a
barbarous side as you indicate.
However, that is...
...a double-edged sword that can be
used as a tool for winning precious things...
...as well as protecting them.
Precious things?
Such as family and lovers?
For some of men,
such things are duly precious.
But I believe that a man can find
another, more precious thing, before those...
Something one pursues for one's own
sake, and not for the sake of any other.
A dream.
A dream...
A dream can hold
supremacy over the world...
...for one who
dedicates his entire life to forging...
...only a single sword.
While many dreams
can be pursued in solitude...
...some dreams are...
...like storms, blowing apart hundreds
or thousands of other dreams as they go.
A dream can support a
man's life or make him suffer...
A dream can make a man
feel alive, and kill him as well.
Even if a man is
abandoned by that dream...
...part of it will remain to
smolder deep within his heart.
Every man should visualize his
own life in this way, at least once.
Living as a martyr for
God in the name of a dream...
Some say there's nothing more
to life than to live long and die in vain.
I hate that sort of
notion, I can't stand it.
I am sorry, I became
carried away with my talk.
You must be getting bored.
O-Oh, no...
I have never talked
with a man like this before...
I thought you were one of the aristocracy
when first I laid my eyes upon you.
Young as you are,
you have so much presence.
But when you taught me how to
play a piece of reed in the hunting field...
...you looked...
...like a child.
And now, you are like a
philosopher telling me your thoughts.
You are marvelous...
Your friends must be
fascinated by your charm, too.
They are my able soldiers.
They are important comrades
who devote themselves to my dream.
However, they are
not necessarily my friends.
It is my perception that a true
friend never relies on another's dream.
A person with the potential...
...to be my true friend must be able to
find his reason for life without my help.
And, he would have to put his heart
and soul into protecting his dream.
He would never hesitate to
fight for his dream, even against me.
For me, a true friend is...
...one who stands
equal on those terms.
You have great confidence in yourself.
I have attained
everything with my faith.
And now...
I am allowed to talk with you,
the Princess of the kingdom.
Will you tell me your dream?
Princess!
Something awful has happened!
What ever is the matter?
Your uncle, Count
Yurius, has been killed!
That can not be!
He was assassinated!
A burglar stole into his study and
even Young Master Adonis was killed...
The court has been
thrown into an uproar.
What tremendous numbers...
Well, I've heard that the
upcoming battles could end the war.
I hope such a thing becomes reality.
No need to worry!
Midland's army has a guardian angel!
Speak of the devil...
Are you setting out?
Yes, Minister Foss.
We no longer have
General Yurius, only you are left.
You are now the guardian deity of
Midland, I prey for your good fortune...
...in battle.
That seems to be an exaggeration.
However, I shall
exert myself to the utmost.
At any rate, I cannot bear
this news of the assassinations.
It is cruel that Young Master
Adonis was killed, he was only a child.
Only a devil would do that.
No, it was not a devil's doing.
It was a man's doing, Minister.
By the way Sir Griffith,
I happened to hear of an odd rumor.
An odd rumor?
That the arrow aimed at
Lady Charlotte in the hunting field...
...could possibly
have been aimed at you.
Could that be true?
Aiming at a humble unit commander?
According to the rumor...
...the assassin did not hail from the
Empire of Chuder, but our own court.
In the royal court, there is...
...a cavern filled with evil spirits
buried under its beautiful surface.
It is no surprise that many people
are brewing up dark plots in the court.
My goodness...
It does not matter at all...
...whether they kill a man within the
sanctuary of the court or outside of it.
As far as such people are concerned...
That is an interesting theory.
Well, then I will...
...strive to keep any unpleasantries
as far outside the court as possible.
Excuse me.
He seems to have held
himself far above our conversation.
Was it not his doing?
No, that cannot be true.
If it was an accident,
it would be far too good to be true.
W-Wait, could it be
that he knows about me?
No, no man could discover
my intrigue, however keen he is.
Besides, there is no evidence left.
For me, a true friend is...
...one who stands
equal on those terms.
Looking back, the morning comes.
Don't find your face in your glass.
Take the moonlight by the tail.
It's a rainy sight that you're shading.
What is that?
It's just the same.
What is trying on your crown?
I'm spending my
glass and walking back.
So wear my glass, you're fading.
I'm waiting so long.
I'm waiting...
Next Episode
In this world, nothing is
more variable than man's heart.
No man can help being
caught by the feeling of love...
...and no man can
suppress his own heart.
Man realizes his
capacity for joy through love...
...and his capacity for ruin.
Could it be even ruin holds
an irresistible fascination for man?
The Battle
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm